Mel Gibson is here with us that's right
People magazine's sexiest man alive 1985
Mel Gibson is here to talk to People's
Sexiest Man Alive 2017 yours truly this
is my year mom's got a lot on his plate
these days his new movie hats are ridges
and ears he's nominated for a Golden
Globe this weekend he and he's working
on sequel to The Passion of the Christ
it's called the passion to Christ
reloaded I don't know if you heard about
it but Jesus comes back and this time
it's personal but so not only when
they'll be in here tonight he is outside
right now with our very own Guillermo
because Mel has volunteered tonight
tonight now is going to cut a
pedestrians hair so mal have you ever
cut anyone's hair before I used to cut
my children's hair when they were little
and well they didn't have a choice in
the matter it wasn't a great job but it
got them through they're still alive
okay so you do have a little bit of
experience in this and if not gear Mo's
gear mo you are a licensed cosmetologist
correct no way okay all right so who is
our brave hearted customer that is
awaited is that this is William William
hi William are you yes William how would
you describe your hair as it stands
cocker spaniel more spaniel where where
are you from William uh Auckland New
Zealand oh wow okay oh all right well
this is so this is how we do things in
America we cut hair out on the street
here's nothing to do things in New
Zealand if they have a lot of sheep down
there right three million Emir gonna get
sheared by Mel Gibson yeah that would
you do you have any requests before he
does this anything uh no not really
don't go for it get over that way from
the is all right go for it yeah just I
get yeah whatever however you did it
with the kids mouth
[Applause]
out of here and gear more Wow
well hey you know what I have to say you
look better already y'all right so have
fun with that we'll check back in on you
that's the haircut for dresses maybe
just the top and leave the sides as it
is like like the little singer of Quiet
Riot or something now we'll give him the
Benjamin Franklin okay good all right
get creative Mel yeah really go nuts
with that we're gonna take a break we
will come back we'll see the results of
our let's see how that haircut is coming
out there can we go back out there yes
oh wow William do you have any sense are
you feeling are you about it I'm a
little bit worried actually it looks
really really good
yeah actually looks really really bad I
should alright I feel a lot of wow
there's still a lot left now it's the
guy from Dead or Alive yeah there's a
lot going on in the 80s there right now
did you love your hair was it like a
trademark of for you William yeah yeah
I've been on it for three years
pretty attached to it yeah well we
should put some lightning bug are you
gonna have a go you don't take it with
you if you want - oh no Guillermo is
getting in on the action hey good night
okay oh I think it's by the way I would
stop right there this out right here
because you combined really like the
look of a rocker with the look of a
golfer this Isabel you've done a well
you've done a terrible job with this
haircut I think it's beautiful yeah you
know let's show the before and after
here if we can and let's see what it
look like yeah yeah
yeah that groaning from the audience
don't be discouraged by that no you
really should let him shave your beard
in it to punish
[Applause]
alright are you seriously gonna let him
shave the beard well what do you think
I've had it for a long time it's part of
my identity but
your work
[Applause]
oh this is good
this
this is uh well this is unexpected
and what about the mustache will the
mustache go as well I'm just going beard
I'm thinking handle boss like a
policeman yeah if you just have that
you'll look like Geraldo if you keep
that mustache you know yet leave the
mustache at the end there a William so
we can see what that looks like as it
goes oh wow
Guillermo have you ever have you ever
seen anything like this never hit me
first time we do Brazilian wax suit
guitar huh
Guillermo what's your favorite Mel
Gibson movie ah legal weapon legal
weapon yes I say legal weapon the legal
weapon I'm sorry I thought you said
legal weapon yeah yeah oh wow William
have you ever shaved a man before
I've never shaved a man before yeah Oh
what am i doing
what are you doing is your New Zealand
he's used to the Sheep what do you do
for a living there William I'm a student
oh you're stood what are you studying
mechanical engineering oh very good all
right well you know how that razor works
I guess okay wow this is unbelievable
I don't even know what to say to this
well Mel is like a bad idea
the way you look
you can leave it there or do you want to
keep going with that
yeah all right you keep going we'll
check back in it at the at the end all
right we'll see where we got do you love
clicking buttons and subscribing to
things then click the button to
subscribe to my channel and you'll
finally be happy